#Extended Kalman Filter Project

##Scope

This project implements an Extended Kalman Filter for tracking a pedestrian or other target with both Lidar and Radar.  This probabilistic algorithm first predicts position and process covariance, then updates these values using a sensor measurement.  The Kalman Filter state tracks position and velocity in two dimensions (four total dimensions).

##Handling Lidar _and_ Radar

For the purposes of this project, prediction is a linear process for both sensors.  The measurement step is linear for Lidar, but nonlinear for Radar.  Both the standard measurement step and the Extended Kalman Filter measurement step are used, depending on the sensor supplying each measurement, and a single 4-dimensional state vector is maintained.

##Accuracy

Each updated state generated by the filter is compared to the _ground truth_ position and velocity.  An overall 4-dimensional RMSE is computed using the differences.

##Screenshot from Udacity Kalman Tracker
![tracker] (images/Screenshot_from_2017-04-11.png "Udacity Tracking Screenshot")

###Tracker Issues
Note that I observed some very strange behavior using the tracker.  Placing the executable in the src directory worked very well, but placing _exactly the same_ executable in the build directory resulted in random green triangle locations on two of the quadrants.  Problems seem to follow radar and vanish with only lidar.  After trying different division by zero thresholds in the cartesian to polar math, I thought I had found some sort of answer, but in the end it seemed to be a matter of whether or not I was moving the mouse.  How my mouse behavior and choice of directory are correlated remains an open question...
